00-docs/THOUGHTS.md, before:

# List of items to do

## Maintenance

- Separate instances of proxmox
- Upgrade Big Bang - Renovate?
- Rsync Cronjob chart to redundant storage (Onsite-Backup)
- velero configuration to S3 (Offsite-Backup)
- Fix any exceptions required for Kyverno/Nextcloud
- Integrate Nextcloud to be a first-class Big Bang application
- Cert-manager to keep certificates automatically up-to-date

## Primary Cluster
Ideal hardware
1x Ryzen Desktop (already have)
2x Ryzen minipc's

Ryzen Desktop
- Proxmox OS
    - pfsense(?) VM
        - 2 CPU / 8gb Memory
        - 2.5Gbe card passthrough
    - Infrastructure Node - RKE2 Worker
        - Should this be a single node cluster? Or a worker node with a label?
            - attached the to primary stable cluster means more efficient use of resources 
        - 4 CPU / 8gb Memory
        - NFS w/ 2x4Tb disks
            - Move this workload to the ATX node
            - Enclosure required?
            - Ensure current stable cluster is associated
        - DNS
        - Image Proxy Cache
            - Should enable 2.5Gbe image pulls?
            - What kind of disk would be needed to support?
                - hostPath SSD?
    - RKE2 Server Node
        - 4 CPU / 8gb Memory

    - RKE2 Worker Node
        - 8 CPU / 32gb Memory

Ryzen MiniPC
- Proxmox OS
    - RKE2 Server Node
        - 4 CPU / 8gb Memory
    - RKE2 Server Node
        - 4 CPU / 8gb Memory
    - RKE2 Worker Node
        - 8 CPU / 32gb Memory

## 2.5Gbe Network

### 2.5Gbe Initial Investment
- Multi-port network card for Desktop
- Adapter for Mac
- pfsense in proxmox VM

### 2.5Gbe Extension
- 2.5Gbe Switch - 8 port

# Home Lab Update 

- Backup the NFS files to another disk (spare 2tb)
- suspend nextcloud flux reconciliation for HR
- scale nextcloud to 0 replicas
- scale nfs provisioner to 0 replicas
- Shutdown/delete the NFS node on Proxmox1
- Unmount the 2x 4tb drives from proxmox1 (fstab?)
- shutdown proxmox1 & restart to remove disks from HBA
- ensure proxmox1 can start again and shut it down
- Move Ryzen Desktop to Rackmount case
- Install Larger Memory
- Install 2.5Gbe card
- Move the 2x 4Tb drives to the Ryzen Desktop from R710
- Turn servers back on
- re-use the same IP address/terraform for the support cluster node?
- start node / rsync files to data directory
- start rke2 nodes and reconcile

- Separate proxmox nodes
- Reattach with Ryzen Desktop as the primary 
- Install pfsense VM
    - Optimally leave a port open for proxmox (port 0)
    - pass-through port 1-3
    - setup network
- Create first server node for new cluster
- zarf init
- create zarf package for nfs, dns, image proxy, renovate?

Commit message:

Adding thoughts for another refresh

00-docs/THOUGHTS.md, after:

# List of items to do

## Maintenance

- Separate instances of proxmox
- Upgrade Big Bang - Renovate?
- Rsync Cronjob chart to redundant storage (Onsite-Backup)
- velero configuration to S3 (Offsite-Backup)
- Fix any exceptions required for Kyverno/Nextcloud
- Integrate Nextcloud to be a first-class Big Bang application
- Cert-manager to keep certificates automatically up-to-date

## Primary Cluster
Ideal hardware
1x Ryzen Desktop (already have)
2x Ryzen minipc's

Ryzen Desktop
- Proxmox OS
    - pfsense(?) VM
        - 2 CPU / 8gb Memory
        - 2.5Gbe card passthrough
    - Infrastructure Node - RKE2 Worker
        - Should this be a single node cluster? Or a worker node with a label?
            - attached the to primary stable cluster means more efficient use of resources 
        - 4 CPU / 8gb Memory
        - NFS w/ 2x4Tb disks
            - Move this workload to the ATX node
            - Enclosure required?
            - Ensure current stable cluster is associated
        - DNS
        - Image Proxy Cache
            - Should enable 2.5Gbe image pulls?
            - What kind of disk would be needed to support?
                - hostPath SSD?
    - RKE2 Server Node
        - 4 CPU / 8gb Memory

    - RKE2 Worker Node
        - 8 CPU / 32gb Memory

Ryzen MiniPC
- Proxmox OS
    - RKE2 Server Node
        - 4 CPU / 8gb Memory
    - RKE2 Server Node
        - 4 CPU / 8gb Memory
    - RKE2 Worker Node
        - 8 CPU / 32gb Memory

## 2.5Gbe Network

### 2.5Gbe Initial Investment
- Multi-port network card for Desktop
- Adapter for Mac
- pfsense in proxmox VM

### 2.5Gbe Extension
- 2.5Gbe Switch - 8 port

# Home Lab Update 

How to get to the optimal networking configuration
- Reinstall Proxmox on the Ryzen server
    - Need to do something with the NFS data
    - drain the nodes and de-provision
    - re-install proxmox
        - this also removes it from the cluster which is good
    - re-provision the nfs node
        - re-setup the data to nextcloud
    - re-provision and join the rke2 nodes

## Questions
- Do I want to make any changes to domains?
