0-Support_Services/Support-Cluster/README.md, before:

# Support Services

This will outline the plan and catalog the current state of support services.

## DNS
- Target = RPI4
- Add `cgroup_enable=cpuset cgroup_enable=memory cgroup_memory=1` to end of `/boot/cmdline.txt` and reboot
- Run `ssh-copy-id -i <publickey> pi@<IP>`
- Run `k3sup install --ip <IP> --user pi --ssh-key <priv key> --no-extras`from remote host
    - If this fails and you get it running on the PI, you can use `k3sup install --ip <IP> --user pi --ssh-key <priv key> --no-extras --skip-install` to get the kubeconfig
- Create DNS manifest/configmap
- Deploy and Test
    - `dig @<IP> infra.kellerhome.us`

## Support Cluster
- Target = Ryzen 7 Desktop w/ 32gb Memory
- Setup:
    - 0-rke2 / Vanilla install via install.sh script using the airgap install method
    - 1-local-path / local path provisioner storage class - using public images currently
    - 2-zarf / zarf initialization 
    - 3-kube-vip / Kube VIP Zarf package w/ VIP daemonset and cloud controller manager
    - 4-certbot / Requesting `*.infra.kellerhome.us` certificates
    - 5-flux / Zarf packaged and deployed on its own
    - 6-big-bang / Big Bang Core zarf package w/ Minio & Nexus

Commit message:

Uninstalling RKE2 to prep for subnet change and flux

0-Support_Services/Support-Cluster/README.md, after:

# Support Services

This will outline the plan and catalog the current state of support services.

## DNS
- Target = RPI4
- Add `cgroup_enable=cpuset cgroup_enable=memory cgroup_memory=1` to end of `/boot/cmdline.txt` and reboot
- Run `ssh-copy-id -i <publickey> pi@<IP>`
- Run `k3sup install --ip <IP> --user pi --ssh-key <priv key> --no-extras`from remote host
    - If this fails and you get it running on the PI, you can use `k3sup install --ip <IP> --user pi --ssh-key <priv key> --no-extras --skip-install` to get the kubeconfig
- Create DNS manifest/configmap
- Deploy and Test
    - `dig @<IP> infra.kellerhome.us`

## Support Cluster
- Target = Ryzen 7 Desktop w/ 32gb Memory
- Setup:
    - 0-rke2 / Vanilla install via install.sh script using the airgap install method
    - 1-local-path / local path provisioner storage class - using public images currently
    - 2-kube-vip / Kube VIP Zarf package w/ VIP daemonset and cloud controller manager
    - 3-certbot / Requesting `*.infra.kellerhome.us` certificates
    - 4-flux / Zarf packaged and deployed on its own
    - 5-big-bang / Big Bang Core zarf package w/ Minio & Nexus

- TODO:
    - Uninstall rke2 - DONE
    - Move to the `192.168.1.x` subnet
    - Install vanilla RKE2 w/ taint
    - Install Flux
    - Create and apply a sops GPG key into secret
    - Create directory structure under `2-Orchestration/clusters/infrastructure` for flux reconiliation of source
    - Instantiate non-default storageclass that can utilize the RAID array at `/data` (with consideration for taint/toleration)
        - Can I dynamically link some basepath for the RAID volume?
        - Find out what I modified previously on the localpv installation
    - Instantiate default storageclass for the replicated storageclass
